These changes are not ordered by priority or expected time consumption.

DOCUMENT HEADER:
✓   Fix vertical spacing of elements
✓   Fix title case of Central Office label in document header
✓   Add date to document header's "Last Updated"

MEETING TABLES:
✓   Change class attached to tables based on font-size selection.
✓   Get second Central Office meeting to show

CONTROLS:
✓   Fix array keys in days of columns
✓   Fix input names to enable filters and properly include columns
    SAVE CONFIGURATION
✓       Collect data from different controls into an array.
✓       Validate data
✓       Inject constructed controls array into a configuration.
✓       Save to local storage
✓       Apply configuration to loaded document.
-   Convert the displayed section numbering from zero-indexed to one-indexed.
✓   Add dialog for new or edited filters.
    FONT SIZE:
✓       Enable font-size selection.
✓       Allow font size change for header and for office title.
-   Fix tab content block width. It shouldn't resize for the content of different tabs.
    ADD/REMOVE control element blocks:
✓       Keys
✓       Filters
    STRING REPLACEMENT
✓       Add line
✓       Remove line
✓   Reflect combined keys in header controls.
✓   Add sections
✓   Delete sections
-   Add columns to section
-   Delete columns
✓   Adding keys from meetings into configuration
✓   Export/import settings
✓   Manually edit settings
-   Sort types by drag n drop.
-   Sort sections by drag n drop.
-   Match edit configuration to configuration changes.
-   Prevent global config changes when there are unsaved changes and the widths are resized.
✓   Update global configuration when configuration is changed but unsaved.
✓   Update configuration width values when columns are resized.

GLOBAL:
✓   Implement single days with different repetition of headers
✓   Implement single days with multi-days mixed in
✓   Add display option
✓   Moved code into devoted app file
✓   Add ability to save and switch between configurations.
✓   Save an item "configurations", with one as "default"
✓   Load up configuration from list.
-   Match display toggle for types in header keys and columns.
-   Update schedule dynamically when configuration is updated.
-       Update header
-       Update meetings listing
-       Load new meetings if source URL changes. (Might as well reload page.))
